# Directory structure for 'data':

## feature_reference.csv
The feature reference CSV file declares antibody capture constructs and associated barcodes. This file is required to run CellRanger with the ADT data.

## variant calling

## vis_reads/
A fraction of WGS data pertaining to each found vector integration site respectively.

Integration site candidates were identified via STAR alignment of the complete WGS data to hg38 (supplementary Figure S17, supplementary Tables S6-7).
To validate the integration site candidates and to find additional supporting reads, a modified human genome sequence was generated by insertion of the vector sequence into hg38 at each integration site candidate locus. All reads were re-aligned via segemehl to the modified genome.
In the folder 'combine_runs' only subgroups of reads pertaining to the integration sites are shared in BAM-files for the purpose of visualization of the integration sites.
'combine_runs' refers to the combination/merge of reads from the initial and re-sequencing runs to achieve a higher coverage.
These BAM-files were used to generate main Figure 3A and the supplementary Figures S18-20 depicting the integration sites with read support in IGV.

#### vis_reads/file_description.csv
A table with descriptions annotating the BAM files found in the folder 'combine_runs/'.
The combination of listed keywords in the file names are associated with the biological sample population, loci of integration site (chromosome) and the range of reads contained in the BAM-files.

#### vis_reads/combine_runs/
24 BAM-files of each biological samples separated by chromosome and range of reads.
